Back in the summer of 2023, after living and working in Vancouver for over 3 years, I moved to the US, to work for Microsoft in Redmond.<br/> 
But there things quickly took a turn for the worst. Things like that time I was out running and some idiots began shouting slurs at me from their car.<br/> 
Probably because I'm transgender and those things began happening nearly every week as anti-trans rethoric reached a fever pitch in 2023 (the usual right wing anti-trans slurs like "creep","freak","weirdo" and even shit like "p*do").<br/> 
I became severely agitated and had a breakdown which resulted in me being put on administrative leave.<br/> <br/> 
A few weeks later I went for a run, and some people on the trial began saying weird things acting like I should have known who they are, upon finishing my run I had a breakdown again, became severely agitated at the parkig lot behind my apartment.<br/> 
While in this agitated state, I was again provoked by some guys in their car (they literally stopped their car on the middle of the road to start harassing me), when I walked up to them, they were waiting with a gun in their hand.<br/> 
And as I turned my back and walked away (I did give a soft knock against their car to show I wasnt afraid, but this was after they had brandished their gun already), the driver got out pointing that gun at me and shouting threats at me, he came after me for atleast 20 meters with that gun in his hand, making sure he had me in his line of sight... I remember just the pure adrenaline dumping as I was walking away, expecting to hear shots and die, I did not know who this guy was.. after what seemed like eternity he turned back to his car and drove away. I dont know if this is normal in the US. Those guys saw me agitated, having a breakdown, decided to stop their car on the road and start taunting while the passenger was holding a gun in his hand. Those guys were looking for an "excuse" to just shoot me. Thats the only reason why you would stop in the road like that while holding a gun. I dont care what people say. Maybe in the US this is normal. I didnt have a weapon. I finished running. The only thing I was carrying was my running vest. Thats the truth. I know someone must have known who those guys were. I'm sure microsoft knows everything about it.. they probably congratiolated those guys. There was 0 reason for the driver to then exit his vehicle with that gun in his hand and come after me while I was unarmed and very obviously retreating. 0 reason. Its funny that people assume I must have been the aggressor bc of having a breakdown and struggling with my mental health.. nobody took me serious back then. 

I couldn't sleep for weeks after that, and it was during that time that Microsoft investigated  me for my earlier breakdown.. <br/> 
I just wasnt in the mood and mental space to talk to some investigator who was sending me fairly hostile corporate/legal emails.<br/> 
Honestly, from their tone, it was already clear to me they didn't have my best interest in mind and just wanted to fire me while avoiding a lawsuit.<br/> <br/> 
Then after Microsoft dropped the hammer and fired me I desperately tried to find a way to stay in the country, because for over 3.5 years, my entire life had been in the pacific north west, I had all my friends there, my entire support network, everything I had known. But being on a L1 visa, it was simply impossible. I talked to the FBI, to find a way to stay in the country.. but in the end nothing could be worked out, atleast nothing that realistically would have been feasable. And sadly I had also not gone for my PR in canada, which I would have been eligible for after living there for over 3 years... but I just didn't have the foresight. I was forced to move back to Belgium, move in with my parents. I tried applying to jobs for a long time... I had some interest from China.. and to be honest.. I probably should have just gone.. but I guess I was just heart broken to be seperated from my friends.. and moving to China wouldn't have brought me closer to them. I also got to hear from 0day broker in Europe that European law enforcement had been threatening them with sanctions for even talking to me... so I ended up stuck in Europe, a hostile place, where I couldn't get a job, couldn't find 0day buyers... running out of money. Then my bank also froze some of my financial assets right before the February market crash and began the procedure to close my bank account.. that decimated the last of my savings. At this moment, I have no money anymore. I have been living with my parents for over a year. I don't really have friends here... just every day alone in this room. Hearing less and less from my friends in the pacific north west as weeks go by.... there is just nothing left anymore. Everything good in life has been destroyed. I have no future. I'm 35, I have no pension contributions. I don't even a driver's license bc I was always hunting bugs and focused on my career. I am writing this, because I already know the outcome, and I want my story to be told. Because I remember back in 2018, how eager people were to portray me as a criminal or terrorist for dropping 0days. People want their villains, they don't see motive or nuance. Its a very dark world we live in. It eats people alive. The people who come out at top in this world are all sociopaths who know how to play the rat race. Good people, they just get screwed over. Back in 2019, a manager from Microsoft came to visit me in Belgium, when I was having a difficult time, and everyone in infosec was portraying me as a criminal (some even tried to dox me), he came to Belgium to talk to me, to be my friend. Eventually it led to a job interview and getting hired. After Microsoft fired me, they also fired that manager, claiming he gave me promotions I hadn't deserved... despite all the very critical bugs I had found in components such as secure channel (TLS) and OpenSssl. They not just ruined my life, they also ruined the life of the only person in this industry who really supported me, with actions, not just words. Them doing that to him,, after he had worked for that company for 27 years... I think that's what really pushed me over the edge. And that's what happened, the truth.

To make this very clear, I did not ever want to throw my math out in public. I want a life, with respect, dignity and friends. But you have denied me all of that.
Here is the timelime:

1. Summer of 2023 I started work on factorization, my managers at Microsoft knew I was working on this (I don't blame them for anything, one of them got fired for defending me, and they were all the best managers I could have possible hoped for, not just managers, also friends).
2. July of 2023 I had a series of breakdowns after getting shouted at insults. Just randomly, when I'm outside running, doing my own thing, not interacting with anyone... it all came crashing down one day, when I was running back home after some insults, first standing on a bridge contemplating suicide near the msft office, then just going into the office and grabbing a scissor to self-mutilate because I just couldnt deal with the emotional pain.. which resulted in a lot of blood (my own) and someone called the cops. 
3. 27th of August 2023, I get threatened with a gun in Redmond, near Sammamish. (and 2 or 3 days later, someone also was killed there in a driveby shooting, next to a trail I went running every day, I'm left with so many questions and no answers).
4. September of 2023, Microsoft HR, investigators start harassing me for the events in July. I was still unable to sleep due to that gun event. And I was having severe mood swings because of it. Someone emailing me if I don't cooperate they will fire me and blah blah blah.. the hostile corporate tone of those emails... after what had just happened... I just couldn't deal with it man. I sent a bunch of angry emails while drunk and during one of those mood swings, one of them also clearly stated I was working on factorization.
5. October I go back home to visit family in Belgium for 2 weeks. After having dinner with 2 friends I had know from long before when I was volunteering with the red cross, one of them died the day after. He used to be a doctor with the red cross and had helped a lot in a very dark period of my life. So his death, albeit not unexpected, as he had been struggling with health issues for some while.. it still came as a shock.
6. Upon returning to the US, I immediatly get to hear I am fired from Microsoft.
7. In november/december during my job hunt to figure out any way possible to stay near my friends, I found someone who was willing to help me. She arranged for me to get into contact with the FBI who would then work with the state department to arrange for me to stay.
8. I met with the FBI multiple times over a couple of months. But what started as hopeful... quickly became less and less hopeful.. and eventually it was found out that nothing could be arranged, aside from deferred action by CBP... which meant I couldn't leave the country.. which I couldn't do incase a family member had an emergency back in Belgium. So I told them "I'm out". Then again a little later in 2024... that person who had initially gotten me in contact with the FBI was killed in a traffic accident. Oh btw, I also vividly remember telling the FBI about my work on factorization. Saying how I had just learned about quadratic reciprocity and stuff. I fucking hate the FBI, but that said, the officers I met with were cool. I still fucking hate them and they should never get near me again. Fuck FBI, CIA, NSA, DIA, whatever... fucking 3 letter wankers. 
9. While preparing to go back to Europe, I tried arranging for 0day buyers, and even potentially someone who could be interested in my math once that work matured some more... but I was met was hostility. European law enforcement was threatening people with sanctions for interacting with me.
10. Then summer of 2024, about a week or two before I dropped my initial version of my work.. I told someone from the Belgian military I was working on factorization, someone I had been in contact with on and off.. one of the few good people in this industry. I just mentioned it on the side and told him I was just hoping at that point to release it and figure out a career that was a little more math involved then pure bug hunting.
11. 23rd of august 2024, I drop my work. After which everyone had more then a year to react. Nothing happened. I was left unemployed and hopeless. Isolated. No future. Nothing.

There was a lot of trauma, and I still struggle with it. I think I have some type of ptsd. But it could also just be because of being isolated, broke and having no future. I don't know how to heal from thing. It seems like everyone and everything is trying to grind me down, into despair. Everyone knew about my work. Nothing was done. Do not bend truth after the facts. Because I am telling you the truth, here and now. But what the hell does truth even matter anymore. Nobody cares. It's all just about the narrative.

Ps: And yea I do regret some of the things I said in fits of anger in the months after I was threatened with a gun and literally having my entire world destroyed. There is some lines that should never be crossed, even in anger. But I dont regret any of the anger I expressed toward microsoft, the people who went after my former manager and infosec as an industry. Bunch of losers. Quit your job losers, you all suck. 

Btw. Fuck pete hegseth. Loser. And fuck all the other warmongers who destroy innocent lifes. All I see in the world lately is endless suffering inflicted on people who have never committed a crime. This world is ruled by apes with half a brain. And I'm tired of it. The world could have been wondrous, a pursuit of art, science and spirituality, yet here we are, nothing but fucking apes bashing eachothers heads in. Fuck you all pussy cowards. Come fight me cunts. I'll destroy you all then.

Update: I am tired. You know. I dont know how microsoft is going to smear me. I wont be around to defend myself. But its easy to destroy someone's life and use that fall-out you created yourself to attack someone's character. 2023 was the worst year in my life. No idea what that was like, having someone come after you with a gun in his hand, when you cant do shit but pray he doesn't shoot you. Its all about the narrative, truth doesnt matter anymore in this world. I'm tired lately. 
